channel gave way represents 43 release
rubrics new week games in which we
show new or particularly noticeable and
games are starting
I propose to start today with the game
dedicated to myths and legends
interested munin game which
will tell you about the myths of the northern peoples
which you will help the herald 1a
return your feathers to a raven named munin
was deprived of his first due tricks
lokas and was turned mortal man and
now he has to go on
search for your feathers to overcome
various wall engine barriers and
rotate the elements to go all
tangled mazes and collect your
feathers solve tricky puzzles and
pass all tangled level in
unusual and wonderful world when darkness
peace comes in need of heroes and how
easy to guess this hero you
I present you another lpg from the category
save my darkness reborn go in
ruined world plunged into chaos and
darkness become a warrior to fight with
damn knight go to darkness
unite with colleagues and subdue evil
create the most powerful warrior of all
achieve victory in the battles for this
go with friends to
dungeon depths improve your
heroes using various items of you
waiting for a great game in the style of action and
beautiful graphics and sound
but rather darkness and chaos want peace and
positive school kru is gorgeous
educational twist game for children
your child learn to practice
math and memory strengthens select
one of three difficulty levels
practice addition subtraction division
multiplication table and so on to
earn bonuses school candy candy
will always give you useful advice if
you need more help
your hero will get the hell away
running off cars monkeys bouncing
help your child fun
entertaining form
learn the basics of mathematics and you can
it will be very interesting and another game
albeit about the war but executed in
pleasant light colors from what gameplay
by no means severe kingdom rush origins to
We present to your attention the third
part of the famous kingdom rush game
you will have to visit the elven forests
enchanting areas floating debris
unleash the power of elves and destroy
all enemies
earn gems buy
new
improved equipment help
hone skills 9 legendary heroes
their incredible power and spells further
more we continue the theme of fun games
him jump give me a fun race with friends
in real time with your loved ones
characters and behind him tant participate in
a race with three other players
avoid obstacles apply
superpowers and interfere in every way and
your rivals come first
shoot rockets throw stars
execute portals to overtake
rivals dress your hero in
various costumes are his unique case
and individual and if you still
there were few bright and beautiful games then
invite to the bottom of the sea
are in chat frame game will dip you
the underwater world of the Caribbean where are you
will throw rings this game
made in the likeness of a classic game
developed in Japan in the 70s where
need to throw rings
use water jet for this game
will delight you with excellent physics and
various colorful levels
who will like not only children but also
for adults
you are waiting for funny adventures where you
be able to test your reflexes and
abilities into action
However, I would like to finish the game
serious and brutal iron kill robot
fighting game fighting game on android where you
to participate in the fight huge
robots
create your unique robot
give it certain abilities
and compete with other players with
all over the world
participate in various battles with
talented rivals travel
around the world and try to win
the main championship on sim was all with you
Kinat see and our other videos on
channel see you soon